docs: copy button and toggle button migration (#1521)
contentful/forma-36: MIGRATION.md

    - [How to migrate your Tag to Badge](#how-to-migrate-your-tag-to-badge)
  - [Button](#button)
    - [How to migrate your Button components](#how-to-migrate-your-button-components)
  - [CopyButton](#copybutton)

>     - [How to migrate your CopButton components](#how-to-migrate-your-copy-button-components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [How to migrate your CopyButton components](#how-to-migrate-your-copybutton-components)
```

    - [How to migrate your Notification components](#how-to-migrate-your-notification-components)
  - [Modal](#modal)
    - [How to migrate your Modal components](#how-to-migrate-your-modal-components)
  - [ToggleButton](#togglebutton)

>     - [How to migrate your ToggleButton components](#how-to-migrate-your-copy-togglebutton-components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [How to migrate your ToggleButton components](#how-to-migrate-your-togglebutton-components)
```

You can also make these changes manually.

### CopyButton

In v4 the Button component has received API improvements. The changes are based on our code style guide, which create consistent, easy to use APIs. For example:

```jsx static=true
<CopyButton
  onCopy={onCopy}
  copyValue={'value to be copied'}
  tooltipCopiedText={<>Copied!</>}
  tooltipText={
    <>
      Copy to <br /> clipboard
    </>
  }
  tooltipPlace="bottom"
/>
```

becomes:

```jsx static=true
<CopyButton
  onCopy={onCopy}
  value="value to be copied"
  tooltipCopiedText="Copied!"
  tooltipText="Copy to clipboard"
  tooltipProps={{
    placement: 'bottom',
  }}
/>
```

> For more information on what can be passed on the `tooltipProps` prop, check the Tooltip [documentation](https://v4-forma-36.netlify.app/components/tooltip/), it accpepts all props, except `children` and `content`.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on what can be passed on the `tooltipProps` prop, see the Tooltip [documentation](https://v4-forma-36.netlify.app/components/tooltip/). It accepts all props except `children` and `content`.  
```

We also added the possibility to pass `isDisabled` and `size` props to the CopyButton component.

#### How to migrate your CopyButton components

> You must manually migrate the version 3 `CopyButton` component updating the props. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must manually migrate the version 3 `CopyButton` component by updating the props. For example:
```

          {label}
        </Checkbox>
      </DropdownListItem>
    ))}
  </DropdownList>
</Dropdown>
```

Forma v4:

```tsx static=true
import { Menu, Button, Stack, Checkbox } from '@contentful/f36-components';
import FocusLock from 'react-focus-lock';

const [isPopoverOpen, setIsPopoverOpen] = React.useState(false);

<Popover isOpen={isPopoverOpen} onClose={() => setIsPopoverOpen(false)}>
  <Popover.Trigger>
    <Button
      endIcon={<ChevronDownIcon />}
      onClick={(event) => {
        setIsPopoverOpen((isOpen) => !isOpen);
      }}
    >
      Select
    </Button>
  </Popover.Trigger>
  <Popover.Content>
    <FocusLock>
      <Stack
        as="ul"
        padding="spacingS"
        margin="none"
        spacing="spacingXs"
        flexDirection="column"
        alignItems="flex-start"
      >
        {props.list.map(({ id, label }) => (
          <li key={id}>
            <Checkbox
              isChecked={selection[id]}
              onChange={() => changeSelection(id)}
              name={id}
            >
              {label}
            </Checkbox>
          </li>
        ))}
      </Stack>
    </FocusLock>
  </Popover.Content>
</Popover>;
```

### Icon

> In v4, the Icon component has a simplified API. You can a required icon from `@contentful/f36-icons`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In v4, the Icon component has a simplified API. You can import a required icon from `@contentful/f36-icons`.
```

```tsx static=true
import { ChevronLeftIcon } from '@contentful/f36-icons';

<ChevronLeftIcon size="small" variant="primary" />;
```

> To use an icon from a third-party library, you can pass it as `as` prop:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use an icon from a third-party library, you can pass it as an `as` prop:
```

You can also make these changes manually.

### CopyButton

In v4 the Button component has received API improvements. The changes are based on our code style guide, which create consistent, easy to use APIs. For example:

```jsx static=true
<CopyButton
  onCopy={onCopy}
  copyValue={'value to be copied'}
  tooltipCopiedText={<>Copied!</>}
  tooltipText={
    <>
      Copy to <br /> clipboard
    </>
  }
  tooltipPlace="bottom"
/>
```

becomes:

```jsx static=true
<CopyButton
  onCopy={onCopy}
  value="value to be copied"
  tooltipCopiedText="Copied!"
  tooltipText="Copy to clipboard"
  tooltipProps={{
    placement: 'bottom',
  }}
/>
```

For more information on what can be passed on the `tooltipProps` prop, check the Tooltip [documentation](https://v4-forma-36.netlify.app/components/tooltip/), it accpepts all props, except `children` and `content`.  
We also added the possibility to pass `isDisabled` and `size` props to the CopyButton component.

> #### How to migrate your CopButton components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to migrate your CopyButton components
```

- `disabled` was renamed to `isDisabled`;
- `indeterminate` was renamed to `isIndeterminate`.

> ##### How to migrate your checkbox components

Reviewer 2: For consistency 'checkbox' should be capitalised.

Author: ```suggestion
##### How to migrate your Checkbox components
```

```tsx static=true
<ToggleButton isActive icon="Calendar">
  Embed Entry
</ToggleButton>
<ToggleButton isActive icon="Plus">
  Add Entry
</ToggleButton>
```

becomes:

```tsx static=true
<ToggleButton isActive icon={<CalendarIcon />}>
  Embed Entry
</ToggleButton>
<ToggleButton isActive icon={<PlusIcon />}>
  Add Entry
</ToggleButton>
```

### Tooltip

In version 4, we renamed two Tooltip props: `containerElement` is now `as` and `place` is now `placement`.

#### How to migrate your Tooltip components

To migrate your `Tooltip` component to v4, run the following [codemod](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/forma-v4/packages/forma-36-codemod):

`npx @contentful/f36-codemod`

If you want to do it manually, you must transform your existing code as follows:

```tsx
import { Tooltip } from '@contentful/forma-36-react-components';

<Tooltip content="content of the Tooltip" containerElement="div" place="left">
  <TextLink>Hover me</TextLink>.
</Tooltip>;
```

Into:

```tsx
import { Tooltip } from '@contentful/f36-components';

<Tooltip content="content of the Tooltip" as="div" placement="left">
  <TextLink>Hover me</TextLink>.
</Tooltip>;
```

### Workbench

> Workbench in version 4 got moved into a separate package, but since we would like to deprecate this component, we don't include it in the main package. In order to use this component, you need to install it from a separate package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In version 4, Workbench got moved into a separate package. Because this component will eventually be deprecated, we did not include it in the main package. To use this component you must install it from a separate package:
```
